This is a Power Bi practise  about Global US store 

The Sample Superstore Sales dataset provides sales data for a fictional retail company, including information on products, orders and customers.


This dataset includes the following variables:


Order ID - A unique identifier for each order.
Customer ID - A unique identifier for each customer.
Order Date - The date of the order placement.
Ship Date - The date the order was shipped.
Ship Mode - The shipping mode for the order (e.g. standard, same-day).
Segment - The customer segment (e.g. Consumer, Corporate, Home Office).
Region - The region where the customer is located (e.g. West, Central, East).
Category - The category of the product purchased (e.g. Furniture, Technology, Office Supplies).
Sub-Category - The sub-category of the product purchased (e.g. Chairs, Desktops, Paper).
Product Name - The name of the product purchased.
Sales - The sales revenue for the product purchased.
Quantity - The number of units of the product purchased.
Discount - The discount applied to the product purchased.
Profit -The profit generated by the product purchased

Step 1: Our Mission 

create a visualisation that will show the details about Products sells by store and location
the most product sell by location. Identify the most valuable prodcut 

Step 2 : Getting data and exploring 

the dataset contains 3 tables : 
- > Orders that contains more details customers , product , products category ,Orders , ship mode , customer regions , market , shipping cost , and profit 
- > People contains data
- > returns : details about product that were return  

Step 3: Data Exploring and data profiling 

postal code had null values > 80% of data is null

DIM Customer (Customer ID , Customer name , Customer segment)
Region (Region , postal code , country )
DIM Product ( Product ID , product category , subcategory, product name )
Orders ( Order ID  ,order date )
Ship (Ship Date , ship mode, Order ID )
Sales (Product ID , Order ID ,Sales , Quantity , Discount , Profit )
Return(OrderID , Region))
Date(date )

Step 4 : Create Visualisation

the dasboard is showing the details Total sales in, the total quantity sold 
the sales by country . we can see that US is the top country with 2 M sales over years